Over the last decade, there has been an exponential growth in the number of cardiac implantable devices, in their electronic and software complexity widening their function and application. However, due to their limited processing capabilities restricted by their size, CIEDs need to be supported with software running on the data centers. Currently, the data center processing is standalone with their custom software and proprietary interfaces. iCARDEA will expose CIED data through standard interfaces to develop an intelligent platform to semi-automate the follow-up of CIED patients with context-aware, adaptable computer interpretable clinical guideline models. The computer interpretable guideline models to be developed will be designed from re-usable building blocks to facilitate personalization of the patient care and follow-up workflow. The CIED data will be exposed through standard interfaces based on the HL7, ISO/IEEE 11073 standards and the IHE IDCO Profile. EHR interoperability will be achieved by exposing legacy EHR systems through standard HL7 CDA interfaces so that information about patients’ medical history such as the non-cardiac conditions denoting contraindications to the proposed therapies can be obtained from the patient EHR data and used in the clinical follow-up workflow. The clinical guidelines will automate the risk assessment and hence support medical professionals by automatically assessing the situations and generating alarms. iCARDEA will introduce outcome indicators with the related steps of the clinical guidelines to measure the success of the care process so that it can be combined with expert feedback to achieve a closed-loop system. The patients will be empowered with Personal Health Records (PHR) to enable informed and responsible participation in the process and for their education. iCARDEA platform will provide comprehensive security and privacy mechanisms and will be validated in a hospital in Austria with CIEDs from two major vendors..